Fix Choreo CLI specification link (#58)
wso2/choreo-cli: docs/reference.md

# Choreo CLI (*chor*) reference

> Choreo CLI (code name `$chor`) reference is based on [Choreo CLI specification](../../../tree/master/spec)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Choreo CLI (code name `$chor`) reference is based on [Choreo CLI specification](../spec/reference.md)
```

#### Options

```

>   -h, --help   help for version..

Reviewer: Do we need `..` here?
